It's finally time. After learning about all these core features of vuejs, after learning about how to
use vuejs in your existing applications, so to build complex applications with it, there's one thing we
haven't covered yet, how to create a single page application with vuejs and we couldn't cover it
yet because we didn't know about the router.
The router is the important thing about a single page application though because a single page application
means technically we only have one page, the single page which is the index.html file we load which hosts
our vuejs application and then we use this single page to simulate navigation for the users, so our
URL does change but we catch all these changes and only re-render this single page so that it looks
like as if we were revisiting different pages,
it looks like this to the user but behind the scenes, it's always the same page.
So the big difference to the last lectures is we no longer have application to where we need to reload
our page, where we get different pages from the server and then only embed vuejs to handle parts of
this page,
now the whole application is handled through vuejs
and that is a huge thing, that is really something which allows you to build very big applications based
on vuejs.
Therefore in this section, we're going to have a look at the main building block you'll need for
this, the vuejs router and how routing works in vuejs.